Enable r-universe build. (#11365)
dmlc/xgboost: doc/R-package/index.rst

Get Started
***********

Since XGBoost 3.0.0, the latest R package is available on
`https://dmlc.r-universe.dev/builds <R-universe>`__ while the one on CRAN is kept at an
older version. We will work on helping the CRAN version to catch up in the future. In the

> meanwhile, please use R-universe packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meantime, please use R-universe packages.
```

> * Checkout the :doc:`Installation Guide </install>` contains instructions to install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Check out the :doc:`Installation Guide </install>` for instructions on how to install
```
